Update known issue Win 2022 (#3796)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Known_issues/KI_Problem_after_OS_upgrade_to_win_2022.md

> - For the Netlogon issue, refer to the Microsoft article [Netlogon service does not keep settings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-server/active-directory/netlogon-service-not-start-automatically)

Reviewer: Following the steps in this link is not enough, for now we still need the "IIS 6 Management Compatibility" feature as well.

Author: Could you give me some more information about this so I can add this too? What exactly does the user need to do for this?

Reviewer: I put this comment in the wrong place. Before running ConfigureIIS.bat, it's still needed to install IIS first. This can be done using the "Server Manager", enable IIS, and next to the default selections also enable the following features: WebSockets and "IIS 6 Management Compatibility".

Author: Updated!

- For the IIS issue:

>   1. On the DMA server, open Server Manager, and make sure that IIS is enabled and that, in addition to the default selections, the *WebSockets* and *IIS 6 Management Compatibility* features are selected.

Reviewer: Looks like the default selections depend on the version of Windows Server, might be safer to use the following PowerShell command: `Add-WindowsFeature Web-Server, Web-WebServer, Web-Security, Web-Filtering, Web-ASP, Web-Asp-Net45, Web-Mgmt-Compat, Web-Lgcy-Scripting, Web-ISAPI-Filter, Web-WMI, Web-WebSockets`

Author: Is this what you had in mind?
```suggestion
  1. On the DMA server, open Server Manager, and make sure that IIS is enabled.
  1. Use the following PowerShell command to configure the necessary IIS features:
  
     ```txt
     Add-WindowsFeature Web-Server, Web-WebServer, Web-Security, Web-Filtering, Web-ASP, Web-Asp-Net45, Web-Mgmt-Compat, Web-Lgcy-Scripting, Web-ISAPI-Filter, Web-WMI, Web-WebSockets
     ```
```

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if it isn't better to appoint Wim as reviewer and remove me?

Reviewer: Yes indeed, that would be better
